not assign floating ip when there are multiple controller nodes (#1276)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-openstack: docs/book/src/clusteropenstack/configuration.md

Note: Only user with admin role can create a floating IP with specific IP.

> Note: When associate floating ip to a cluster with more than 1 controller nodes, the floating ip will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: When associating a floating IP to a cluster with more than 1 controller node, the floating IP will be
```

> associated to the first controller node and the other controller nodes doesn't have floating ip. When

Reviewer: ```suggestion
associated to the first controller node and the other controller nodes have no floating IP assigned. When
```

>  the controller node has the floating IP statu down CAPO will NOT auto assign the floating IP address

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 the controller node has the floating IP status down CAPO will NOT auto assign the floating IP address
```

typo :)

Author: done :)

>  the controller node has the floating IP is down CAPO will NOT auto assign the floating IP address
> to any other controller node. So we recommend to only set one controller node when floating ip is needed,

Reviewer: Do you mean the status by "is down"?
```suggestion
 the controller node has the floating IP status "down", CAPO will NOT auto assign the floating IP address
to any other controller node. So we recommend to only set one controller node when floating IP is needed,
```
